---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_dashboard (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **dashboard_metadata** (Block List, Min: 1) Parameters of a dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dashboard_metadata))
- **tile** (Block List, Min: 1) Configuration of a tile. The actual set of fields depends on the type of the tile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile))

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--dashboard_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_metadata`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the dashboard.

Optional:

- **dashboard_filter** (Block List) Filters, applied to a dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--dashboard_filter))
- **owner** (String) The owner of the dashboard.
- **preset** (Boolean) The dashboard is a preset (true)
- **shared** (Boolean) The dashboard is shared (true) or private (false).
- **sharing_details** (Block List) Sharing configuration of a dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--sharing_details))
- **tags** (List of String) A set of tags assigned to the dashboard.
- **valid_filter_keys** (List of String) A set of all possible global dashboard filters that can be applied to dashboard

<a id="nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--dashboard_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_metadata.dashboard_filter`

Optional:

- **management_zone** (Block List) The short representation of a Dynatrace entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--dashboard_filter--management_zone))
- **timeframe** (String) The default timeframe of the dashboard.

<a id="nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--dashboard_filter--management_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_metadata.dashboard_filter.management_zone`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the Dynatrace entity.

Optional:

- **name** (String) The name of the Dynatrace entity.



<a id="nestedblock--dashboard_metadata--sharing_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_metadata.sharing_details`

Optional:

- **link_shared** (Boolean) If true, the dashboard is shared via link and authenticated users with the link can view.
- **published** (Boolean) If true, the dashboard is published to anyone on this environment.



<a id="nestedblock--tile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile`

Required:

- **bounds** (Block List, Min: 1) The position and size of a tile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--bounds))
- **tile_type** (String) Defines the actual set of fields depending on the value.

Optional:

- **assigned_entities** (List of String) The list of Dynatrace entities, assigned to the tile.
- **chart_visible** (Boolean) The tile is visible and ready to use (true) or just placed on the dashboard (false).
- **configured** (Boolean) The tile is configured and ready to use (true) or just placed on the dashboard (false).
- **custom_name** (String) The name of the tile, set by user.
- **exclude_maintenance_windows** (Boolean) Include (`false') or exclude (`true`) maintenance windows from availability calculations.
- **filter_config** (Block List) Configuration of the custom filter of a tile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--filter_config))
- **limit** (Number) The limit of the results, if not set will use the default value of the system.
- **markdown** (String) The markdown-formatted content of the tile.
- **metric** (String) The tile is visible and ready to use (true) or just placed on the dashboard (false).
- **name** (String) The name of the tile.
- **query** (String) A [user session query](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/shortlink/usql-info) executed by the tile.
- **tile_filter** (Block List) A filter applied to a tile, it overrides the dashboard's filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--tile_filter))
- **timeframe_shift** (String) The comparison timeframe of the query. If specified, you additionally get the results of the same query with the specified time shift.
- **type** (String) The visualization of the tile.
- **visualization_config** (Block List) A filter applied to a tile, it overrides the dashboard's filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--visualization_config))

<a id="nestedblock--tile--bounds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.bounds`

Optional:

- **height** (Number) The height of the tile, in pixels.
- **left** (Number) The horizontal distance from the top left corner of the dashboard to the top left corner of the tile, in pixels.
- **top** (Number) The vertical distance from the top left corner of the dashboard to the top left corner of the tile, in pixels.
- **width** (Number) The width of the tile, in pixels.


<a id="nestedblock--tile--filter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.filter_config`

Required:

- **custom_name** (String) The name of the tile, set by user.
- **default_name** (String) The default name of the tile.
- **type** (String) The type of the filter.

Optional:

- **chart_config** (Block List) Configuration of a custom chart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config))
- **filters_per_entity_type** (String) A list of filters, applied to specific entity types.

<a id="nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.filter_config.chart_config`

Required:

- **type** (String) The type of the chart.

Optional:

- **axis_limits** (String) The optional custom y-axis limits.
- **left_axis_custom_unit** (String) The custom unit for the left Y-axis.
- **legend_shown** (Boolean) Defines if a legend should be shown.
- **result_metadata** (String) Additional information about charted metric.
- **right_axis_custom_unit** (String) The custom unit for the right Y-axis.
- **series** (Block List) A list of charted metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config--series))

<a id="nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config--series"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.filter_config.chart_config.series`

Required:

- **aggregation** (String) The charted aggregation of the metric.
- **entity_type** (String) The type of the Dynatrace entity that delivered the charted metric.
- **metric** (String) The name of the charted metric.
- **type** (String) The visualization of the timeseries chart.

Optional:

- **aggregation_rate** (String) The aggregation rate.
- **dimensions** (Block List) Configuration of the charted metric splitting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config--series--dimensions))
- **percentile** (Number) The charted percentile.
- **sort_ascending** (Boolean) Sort ascending (true) or descending (false).
- **sort_column** (Boolean) Sort column (true) or (false).

<a id="nestedblock--tile--filter_config--chart_config--series--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.filter_config.chart_config.series.dimensions`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the dimension by which the metric is split.

Optional:

- **entity_dimension** (Boolean) The name of the entity dimension by which the metric is split.
- **name** (String) The name of the dimension by which the metric is split.
- **values** (List of String) The splitting value.





<a id="nestedblock--tile--tile_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.tile_filter`

Optional:

- **management_zone** (Block List) The short representation of a Dynatrace entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tile--tile_filter--management_zone))
- **timeframe** (String) The default timeframe of the tile.

<a id="nestedblock--tile--tile_filter--management_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.tile_filter.management_zone`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the Dynatrace entity.

Optional:

- **name** (String) The name of the Dynatrace entity.



<a id="nestedblock--tile--visualization_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tile.visualization_config`

Optional:

- **has_axis_bucketing** (Boolean) The axis bucketing when enabled groups similar series in the same virtual axis.


