---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a dynatrace notification resource. It allows to create, update, delete notifications in a dynatrace environment. [Notification API]

---

# dynatrace_notification (Resource)

Provides a dynatrace notification resource. It allows to create, update, delete notifications in a dynatrace environment. [Notification API]

Since there is not a response body upon creation/update of a notification from the API, the `name` and `type` values are used to set the notification ID.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "dynatrace_notification" "email" {
  name = "email_critical"
  active = true
  type = "EMAIL"
  subject = "{State} Problem {ProblemID}: {ImpactedEntity}"
  body = "{ProblemDetailsText}"
  receivers = [ "user@example.com" ]
}

resource "dynatrace_notification" "service_now" {
  name = "dev12345_minor"
  active = true
  type = "SERVICE_NOW"
  alerting_profile = dynatrace_alerting_profile.sockshop_prod.id
  instance_name = "dev12345"
  username = "admin"
  password = "p@ssword123"
  message = "{ProblemTitle}"
  send_incidents = false
  send_events = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **active** (Boolean) The configuration is enabled (true) or disabled (false).
- **name** (String) The name of the notification configuration.
- **type** (String) Defines the actual set of fields depending on the value.

### Optional

- **accept_any_certificate** (Boolean) Accept any, including self-signed and invalid, SSL certificate (true) or only trusted (false) certificates.
- **account** (String) The name of the PagerDuty account.
- **alerting_profile** (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile.
- **api_key** (String, Sensitive) The API key of the target account.
- **application_key** (String, Sensitive) The application key for the Trello account.
- **authorization_token** (String, Sensitive) The application token for the Trello account.
- **bcc_receivers** (List of String) The list of the email BCC-recipients
- **board_id** (String) The Trello board to which the card should be assigned.
- **body** (String) The template of the email notification.
- **cc_receivers** (List of String) The list of the email CC-recipients
- **channel** (String) The channel (for example, `#general`) or the user (for example, `@john.smith`) to send the message to.
- **custom_message** (String) The custom message of the notification.
- **description** (String) The description of the notification.
- **domain** (String) The region domain of the OpsGenie.
- **headers** (Block List) A list of the additional HTTP headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **instance_name** (String) The ServiceNow instance identifier. It refers to the first part of your own ServiceNow URL.
- **issue_type** (String) The type of the Jira issue to be created by this notification.
- **job_template_id** (Number) The ID of the target Ansible Tower job template.
- **job_template_url** (String) The URL of the target Ansible Tower job template.
- **list_id** (String) The Trello list to which the card should be assigned.
- **message** (String) The content of the message.
- **notify_event_merges_enabled** (Boolean) Call webhook if new events merge into existing problems.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) The password required for authentication.
- **payload** (String) The content of the notification message.
- **project_key** (String, Sensitive) The project key of the Jira issue to be created by this notification.
- **receivers** (List of String) The list of the email recipients.
- **resolved_list_id** (String) The Trello list to which the card of the resolved problem should be assigned.
- **routing_key** (String) The routing key, defining the group to be notified.
- **send_events** (Boolean) Send events into ServiceNow ITOM.
- **send_incidents** (Boolean) Send incidents into ServiceNow ITSM.
- **service_api_key** (String, Sensitive) The API key to access PagerDuty.
- **service_name** (String) The name of the service.
- **subject** (String) The subject of the email notification.
- **summary** (String) The summary of the Jira issue to be created by this notification.
- **text** (String) The text of the generated Trello card.
- **title** (String) The content of the message.
- **url** (String, Sensitive) The URL of the notification endpoint.
- **username** (String, Sensitive) The username required for authentication.

<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the HTTP header.

Optional:

- **value** (String) The value of the HTTP header. May contain an empty value.

## Import

Dynatrace notifications can be imported using their ID, e.g.

```hcl
$ terraform import dynatrace_notification.email 2dde1bb2-133a-43ab-aac4-ef2b480a58b9
```

[Notifications API]: (https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/notifications-api/)